chapter,index,easy,medium,hard
a historical sketch of babylon,0,Who were the outstanding rulers of Babylon recognized for their wisdom and justice?,What engineering accomplishments did Babylonian engineers achieve?,Why did Babylon become a deserted ruin?
a historical sketch of babylon,1,Where was Babylon located?,What natural resources did Babylon possess?,How did the Babylonians transform their arid environment into an agricultural paradise?
the man who desired gold,0,Who is Bansir?,What does Bansir wish to acquire?,Why does Bansir feel discouraged despite living in a wealthy city?
the man who desired gold,1,Where does Bansir sit and contemplate?,What feelings did Bansir experience after waking from his dream?,How do Bansir and Kobbi plan to change their situation regarding wealth?
the richest man in babylon,0,Who was the richest man in Babylon?,What did Arkad decide to do to achieve wealth?,Why did Arkad believe that wealth increased the potency of happiness and contentment?
the richest man in babylon,1,Where did Arkad live?,What advice did Algamish give to Arkad?,How did Arkad manage to save a part of his earnings?
seven cures for a lean purse,0,Who is the richest man in Babylon?,What was the serious situation King Sargon faced upon his return?,Why did the Chancellor believe that only a few men could acquire all the gold?
seven cures for a lean purse,1,When did King Sargon return to Babylon?,What did Arkad promise to teach the selected men?,How did Arkad begin to build his fortune?
the first cure,0,Who addressed the thoughtful man in the second row?,What did the egg merchant do with his eggs each day?,Why does Arkad believe that keeping a portion of earnings leads to more wealth?
the first cure,1,Where did Arkad speak to the men about building wealth?,What is the first remedy Arkad learned to cure a lean purse?,How did Arkad's actions change when he started to keep nine-tenths of his earnings?
the second cure,0,Who addressed his students about the second cure?,What is the second cure for a lean purse?,Why does Arkad believe desires are a burden for all men?
the second cure,1,When did Arkad address his students?,What should be engraved upon the clay according to Arkad?,How can one adjust their budget according to Arkad?
the third cure,0,Who is Arkad?,What was Arkad’s first profitable investment?,Why did Arkad choose to loan money to Aggar?
the third cure,1,When did Arkad speak to his class?,What did the money lender agree to do with the silver?,How did the farmer’s investment grow over time?
the fourth cure,0,Who spoke upon the fourth day to his class?,What is the first sound principle of investment according to Arkad?,Why is it important to ensure the ability of a borrower to repay before lending money?
the fourth cure,1,When did Arkad speak about guarding treasures from loss?,What did Arkad advise to consult before parting with treasure?,How did Arkad feel about his first investment experience with the brickmaker Azmur?
the fifth cure,0,Who is speaking to the class about the fifth cure?,What does Arkad recommend every man should own?,Why does Arkad believe owning a home brings confidence to a man?
the fifth cure,1,Where does Arkad say a man should live?,What benefits does owning a home bring to a man according to Arkad?,How can a man reduce his indebtedness to the money lender?
the sixth cure,0,Who addressed his class upon the sixth day?,What did Ansan do each week for eight years?,Why is it important to provide for the future according to Arkad?
the sixth cure,1,When should a man make preparation for a suitable income?,What is the sixth cure for a lean purse?,How can a man ensure a future income according to the passage?
the seventh cure,0,Who did Arkad address in his class?,What does Arkad suggest is necessary to increase earnings?,Why is it important for desires to be strong and definite according to Arkad?
the seventh cure,1,When did Arkad deliver his speech on the seventh cure?,What are the vital requirements mentioned for increasing one's earnings?,How can a man train himself to secure larger sums of wealth?
meet the goddess of good luck,0,Who was the richest man in Babylon?,What was the purpose of the Temple of Learning in Babylon?,Why did Arkad believe that good luck follows opportunity?
meet the goddess of good luck,1,When did Arkad stroll to his accustomed platform?,What did the cloth weaver suggest to discuss at the gathering?,How did the elders in Babylon believe they could attract good luck?
the five laws of gold full,0,Who is the richest man that ever lived in Babylon?,What did Arkad give to Nomasir to help him succeed?,Why did Arkad disapprove of the custom of wealthy sons living with their parents?
the five laws of gold full,1,When did Nomasir return to his father's house?,What did Nomasir lose to two well-spoken men in Nineveh?,How did Nomasir realize he should have sought wisdom first before handling his gold?
the gold lender of babylon,0,Who is the lender of gold in Babylon?,What gift did the king give to Rodan?,Why does Rodan feel perplexed about his good fortune?
the gold lender of babylon,1,When did Rodan receive the fifty pieces of gold?,What advice does Mathon give Rodan regarding lending gold?,How does Mathon assess the risks involved in lending gold?
the walls of babylon,0,Who stood guard at the passageway leading to the top of the ancient walls of Babylon?,What did the citizens of Babylon do as they awaited news of the battle?,Why were the defending forces small during the attack on Babylon?
the walls of babylon,1,Where did the attack on the walls of Babylon come from?,What were the defenders using to fight off the attackers?,How did the citizens react when they learned that the walls had held against the Assyrians?
the camel trader of babylon,0,Who is Tarkad?,What does Dabasir insist Tarkad do about his debts?,Why does Dabasir say that ill fortune pursues those who think more of borrowing than repaying?
the camel trader of babylon,1,Where does Tarkad encounter Dabasir?,What offer does Sira give to Dabasir during his captivity?,How does Dabasir realize he has the soul of a free man rather than a slave?
the clay tablets from babylon,0,Who wrote the letter to Professor Franklin Caldwell?,What did Dabasir intend to achieve by inscribing on the clay tablets?,Why did Dabasir leave his native city and seek wealth elsewhere?
the clay tablets from babylon,1,When did Alfred H. Shrewsbury send the letter?,What portion of his earnings did Dabasir allocate to pay his debts?,How did Alfred H. Shrewsbury and his wife implement Dabasir’s plan to manage their debts?
the luckiest man in babylon,0,Who is Sharru Nada?,What does Hadan Gula desire in life?,Why does Hadan Gula think work is for slaves?
the luckiest man in babylon,1,Where does the journey from Damascus lead?,What did Sharru Nada feel he owed to Arad Gula?,How did Sharru Nada regain his freedom?
